HW 4 Reflection
**Design**
The fact that Discord is clean and straightforward was the most beneficial component of the design strategy we were using. We wanted the bot to have as few heavy transactions and backend requests as possible. It was simple to add functionality thanks to Discord and our well-organized code.
The most challenging component was determining how to properly or elegantly portray the outfit recommendations. We wanted to make sure the message looked excellent on every screen in Discord because there are varied screen sizes. Because of this design feature, we would want to spend additional time on user testing if feasible. It's critical that the bot not only functions as planned, but also looks excellent!
I'd want to undertake more user testing and inquiry for the project's design.
**Implementation**
The Discord API was extremely simple to use and provided extensive documentation. This was the most useful tool for putting our bot together and testing it. Furthermore, the community on Discord's developer server is fantastic.
The most difficult part was determining the optimal method for parsing weather data and returning correct outfit suggestions. We wanted to implement this in a way that does not rely on a large number of Boolean assertions, but rather on a dynamic approach in which rain on one day does not imply rain on another.
If we were to continue with this project, we would want to incorporate some Natural Language Processing or machine learning. Rather than entering a basic instruction, this would be ideal for inputting a message to the bot and comprehending what the consumer is requesting. Furthermore, because it can learn from prior data and select the ideal apparel to wear, clothing suggestion answers will be much more dynamic.
**Process**
The Kanban board was quite useful. In my perspective, more than the code reviews. Keeping track of jobs was critical, especially as various devs were working on the same repo, in separate branches, at different times, and so on. We had to plan what things to complete and prioritize them really effectively with the Kanban board. We would create a pull request after completing a job to examine the code and integrate it into the master branch.
Merging pull requests was the most challenging. We had one problem where there was a merge dispute and we ended up choosing the wrong change, which screwed up some other branches when we pulled from the master without double-checking if the merge was de-bugged. Next time, after resolving merge conflicts, we will ensure that the merge is tested and then submitted to the master branch.
For jobs like these, I've always preferred a Kanban board. Even on personal projects, task management is critical, especially if there are numerous developers or a large number of assignments. This applies to code reviews as well, but mostly to team development.
**Overall,**
 I believe that all of these designs, implementations, and software methodologies must function together as one. I've never worked on a project that didn't incorporate all three in some form. Without these three parts of product development, something will go wrong, especially in the professional sector. A design strategy, a task manager, and implementation techniques with a large team are required.
